# UnityGameCharacter
# Satella
SatellaAnimation6.blend has the character, Satella, that I created using Blender. I used Luna's model (more info about Luna down below) and made different items like the black hair, long, black gloves, and the black boots. I also made adjustments to her face, and I also created a shape key so that she could blink.

To view her animations go to the top mid left. Choose the screen layout animatingSetUpAndReadyToGo. Adjust the "User Ortho view" to your
desire. Do this by holding down shift and then using the mouses middle button to move the camera. You could also just hold the middle mouse button to move the camera view left or right. Scroll to zoom in or out. Right click on one of the lines that are on the character. It will turn light blue. Then press "a" two times on your keyboard. This will turn all the lines around her light blue. Then you'll see these yellow vertical lines at the bottom of the page. Adjust the start and end to match the beginning yellow line and the last yellow line. The area should be light grey from the first yellow line to the last yellow line. Press the play button to see the animation. To get a better view of it turn the eye off next to armature. It's in the bottom left box. On the left side in the "Browse Action to be linked" input box choose any of the animations that have an F next to them. You could view the other ones that don't have the F next to them but they are not satisfactory to me. Plus, I couldn't delete those animations. 

# Luna
texturing5.blend has the character, Luna, that I created from scratch (using Blender) for the Unity game, The Almanac. 
Expand the dope sheet and the timeline. Go to object mode. On the right side of that screen scroll up. Click on the textured solid. Turn off Matcap. They are both located under Shading. Turn the armature on by clicking on the eye. Right click on one of the lines on the character. It will turn light blue. Press "a" two times on your keyboard. All of them should turn blue. On the dope sheet select an animation with an F. They're in the "Browse Action to be linked" input box. In "User Ortho view", scroll to zoom in or out, and hold down shift and then hold the mouses middle button to move the camera. You could also just hold the middle mouse button to move the camera view left or right. Scroll right or left on the dope sheet by holding the middle mouses button to see more options. Scroll left or right on the timeline by holding the middle mouses button to see more options. The play button will be there. 

